_drafts/how-one-instagram-course-simplified-my-social-media-life.md, before:

---
layout: post
date: 2020-08-12
last_modified_at: 2020-08-12 10:39:52 -0300
title: " How One Instagram Course Simplified my Social Media Life"
excerpt: ''
categories: []
tags: []
comments: false

---
![A picture of a laptop and planner on a table.](/assets/img/20200812_102141_0000_compress15.jpg "laptopontable")

A few months ago I took a course by Erica over at [mombreak](http://www.mombreak.ca/). She drew me in through her [Instagram stories](http://www.instagram.com/mom.break) because she's so real and so very helpful. I was learning from her! She tells things straight in a way that's so simple and effective so I knew anything she'd create would be topnotch. Her course, entitled, [How I Grew My Instagram Account to 33, 000](https://digital.mombreak.ca/howigrewmyinstagram/26mcq), sounded good to me because she promised she'd share every single thing she did to get there - without holding back. She's a smart marketer, so I wanted to learn from someone who's trained in this area and who'd be honest and straight. Values I also appreciate. So, today on the blog I'm sharing how one Instagram course simplified my social media life (on Instagram most especially). It was, of course, Erica's course!

## Less time thinking about planning images

The first thing that I've noticed improve since I took her course was time spent thinking about and planning images for [my instagram feed](http://www.instagram.com/eastcoastkelly). I was more all over the place with the images I was using on instagram before. I used a filter, yes, but I was still not happy with how things were looking, but also didn't care enough because I didn't have or want to put energy into that area. After taking her course, I'm more intentional with my images, so there's been way less thinking about planning them out on my part. I like being creative, but I also value my time so am getting better at that. 

![A picture of a laptop and planner on a table.](/assets/img/20200812_103000_0000_compress57.jpg "laptop on table")

## Less time thinking up content

The second thing I noticed since taking her course is that I spend way less time thinking up content. Instead, I mostly look to what my audience relates with that I share about and focus on that.

## Less time looking at “numbers”

And thirdly, I barely look at numbers of followers to see "how I'm doing" because I know I'm purposeful showing up every time I post now (ok ok, sidebar I do want to hit 10k, but only because it would make things a lot easier to share in my stories!). That is a really handy perk, hey Instagram?   
 **  
What is in Erica's course that helped me with the above three benefits?** You can read more about her course [here](https://digital.mombreak.ca/howigrewmyinstagram/26mcq) on her course page or on another review I did [here,](https://www.eastcoastkelly.com/planning/2020/07/15/an-instagram-course-review-that-helped-me-plan-out-my-instagram-better.html) but here are my favourite parts of her course that I found most helpful for me that influenced the above:

* Erica mentions how she creates her images on her feed and how she arrived at deciding that, with her goal being…spending less time creating… because she's a busy mom too! She talks about this under the bonus section of the course under "how my feed has changed."
* And for the second and third things I've simplified above, it was mostly her Chapter 5: Real Growth (15 - 33K) where it hit me about how to pay more attention to my audience for my content creation. It's helped me so much in seeing that everything I need is placed right before me.

**All in all? I highly recommend** [**Erica's course**](https://digital.mombreak.ca/howigrewmyinstagram/26mcq)**. It's a sweet course jam packed with great advice. She really does tell it straight and teaches everything in bite sized pieces. Perfect for busy moms to go through at their own speed too.**  
   
You can find her course [here](https://digital.mombreak.ca/howigrewmyinstagram/26mcq). 

PS I am an affiliate of her course, so would make a small cut if you decided to buy it. I took her course not even knowing she had this program and then was so happy to find out she had it because I loved this course so much and so happy to share about it! I hope you enjoy.  
   
Cheers,

Kelly

##### Did you find this helpful? If so, I would greatly appreciate if you shared it.

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io kellymbriggs updated _drafts/how-one-instagram-course-simplified-my-social-media-life.md

_drafts/how-one-instagram-course-simplified-my-social-media-life.md, after:

---
layout: post
date: 2020-08-12
last_modified_at: 2020-08-12 10:39:52 -0300
title: " How One Instagram Course Simplified my Social Media Life"
excerpt: 'Today on the blog I''m sharing how one Instagram course simplified my social
  media life (on Instagram most especially). '
categories:
- Planning
- Reviews
tags:
- instagram planning
- instagram course review
- instagram course
- best instagram course
- growing instagram account
- simple instagram course
comments: true

---
![A picture of a laptop and planner on a table.](/assets/img/20200812_102141_0000_compress15.jpg "laptopontable")

A few months ago I took a course by Erica over at [mombreak](http://www.mombreak.ca/). She drew me in through her [Instagram stories](http://www.instagram.com/mom.break) because she's so real and so very helpful. I was learning from her! She tells things straight in a way that's so simple and effective so I knew anything she'd create would be topnotch. Her course, entitled, [How I Grew My Instagram Account to 33, 000](https://digital.mombreak.ca/howigrewmyinstagram/26mcq), sounded good to me because she promised she'd share every single thing she did to get there - without holding back. She's a smart marketer, so I wanted to learn from someone who's trained in this area and who'd be honest and straight. Values I also appreciate. So, today on the blog I'm sharing how one Instagram course simplified my social media life (on Instagram most especially). It was, of course, Erica's course!

## Less time thinking about planning images

The first thing that I've noticed improve since I took her course was time spent thinking about and planning images for [my instagram feed](http://www.instagram.com/eastcoastkelly). I was more all over the place with the images I was using on instagram before. I used a filter, yes, but I was still not happy with how things were looking, but also didn't care enough because I didn't have or want to put energy into that area. After taking her course, I'm more intentional with my images, so there's been way less thinking about planning them out on my part. I like being creative, but I also value my time so am getting better at that.

![A picture of a laptop and planner on a table.](/assets/img/20200812_103000_0000_compress57.jpg "laptop on table")

## Less time thinking up content

The second thing I noticed since taking her course is that I spend way less time thinking up content. Instead, I mostly look to what my audience relates with that I share about and focus on that.

## Less time looking at “numbers”

And thirdly, I barely look at numbers of followers to see "how I'm doing" because I know I'm purposeful showing up every time I post now (ok ok, sidebar I do want to hit 10k, but only because it would make things a lot easier to share in my stories!). That is a really handy perk, hey Instagram?

**What is in Erica's course that helped me with the above three benefits?** You can read more about her course [here](https://digital.mombreak.ca/howigrewmyinstagram/26mcq) on her course page or on another review I did [here,](https://www.eastcoastkelly.com/planning/2020/07/15/an-instagram-course-review-that-helped-me-plan-out-my-instagram-better.html) but here are my favourite parts of her course that I found most helpful for me that influenced the above:

* Erica mentions how she creates her images on her feed and how she arrived at deciding that, with her goal being…spending less time creating… because she's a busy mom too! She talks about this under the bonus section of the course under "how my feed has changed."
* And for the second and third things I've simplified above, it was mostly her Chapter 5: Real Growth (15 - 33K) where it hit me about how to pay more attention to my audience for my content creation. It's helped me so much in seeing that everything I need is placed right before me.

**All in all? I highly recommend** [**Erica's course**](https://digital.mombreak.ca/howigrewmyinstagram/26mcq)**. It's a sweet course jam packed with great advice. She really does tell it straight and teaches everything in bite sized pieces. Perfect for busy moms to go through at their own speed too.**

YOU CAN FIND HER COURSE: [here](https://digital.mombreak.ca/howigrewmyinstagram/26mcq).

_PS I am an affiliate of her course, so would make a small cut if you decided to buy it. I took her course not even knowing she had this program and then was so happy to find out she had it because I loved this course so much and so happy to share about it! I hope you enjoy._

_PPS I’m also happy to chat Instagram as well, you can find me anytime at_ [_@eastcoastkelly_](http://www.instagram.com/eastcoastkelly)_._

Cheers,

Kelly

##### Did you find this helpful? If so, I would greatly appreciate if you shared it.
